hi everybody blue-eyed Jackson here
being on YouTube people make a lot of
judgments and sometimes you can get good
comments like your videos are good or
something I don't know but sometimes
that can be actually really nasty really
mean and pretty horrible so I could tell
you all of my theories about why people
are rude me Curt and nasty say hateful
things but I won't I'm just gonna tell
you a few things you need to know there
are a waste of your time who cares what
they think
who cares how much you weigh as long as
you're healthy who cares if you don't
have designer clothes as long as you
have clothes on your back
who cares if your face isn't perfectly
proportioned that's boring anyway you
are beautiful and wonderfully made
everything about you is the way it is
supposed to be
even if you wear glasses or don't have
perfect teeth
okay people you want to be just how you
want to dress be confident who you are
it's so much more fun when you don't
care
I hope you enjoy I think you know now
it's time for the part you probably are
waiting for the shoutout
so you probably might already know
because I am Saturday so you might watch
these four videos last week's theme was
drumroll please red yes so
congratulations to all of you people who
guessed it but I chose from my shout out
charity each a cool don't forget to like
comment down below why you think this
week's penis and subscribe to my menko
blue I Jackson and oh my gosh